docs: fix cases for terms (#3992)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/3.docs/9.advanced/2.modules.md

**Next steps:**

> - Open `my-module` in IDE of your choice (VS Code is recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open `my-module` in IDE of your choice (Visual Studio Code is recommended)
```
